This is a head gum original.
Rollin' audio. Rollin' audio.
Rollin' audio.
Is it not time to the shut?
Sorry. I thought you wanted to take the lead.
What did I do to say this morning before we started recording that made you think that I wanted you to take the lead?
I like you texted me. Can you sort of drive the ship this episode? But maybe I missed read that.
Oh, here. Join our Cloud HD video meeting.
Sorry.
I thought it was like, yeah, steer the ship as it were.
Let me read the lead.
Yeah.
I was going to say, let's bury the lead today
for the audio listeners.
And see how long we can go without saying who the special guest is.
And don't say it'll be in this book.
Shiny filler, right?
Yeah, hi, everybody.
It's good to be back.
Yeah, I miss what.
To play the, um, the everybody song.
No, you're not allowed to.
I know I'm not allowed to, but then now,
do you hear the silence? Do you hear the lack of energy? Like,
It's not everybody. Everybody, let's get into it.
Get stoked.
We got a little bit of energy.
We got a little bit of energy from you, M.G.
That's awesome.
Welcome to the show, Johnny.
A Karrell and J.ville.
Kind of.
Johnny Villain himself.
It's good to be back.
Once again.
Thank you for finding out.
That's the best we can do.
Okay.
I'll take that.
That's really sad to be honest.
I would say that Johnny's for the auto listeners.
He's dressed to the fines.
It's that less than nine.
Like, Ralph finds.
Yeah, like Ralph.
Ralph.
Ralph is.
Yeah.
Okay.
Um, now, you know, I know everybody's excited for,
for Villas return to the villa,
which is what I call the New York studio,
along with studio hate on the LA coast.
And studio Jeff.
Those are the three studio names for me.
I wanted to kind of lay out some ground rules for today's episode,
because I feel like the past couple of weeks have been ad hoc slash nausea.
Does that make sense?
And do you all agree?
No.
But continue.
I'm not going to agree in advance.
Yeah.
Uh, rule number one.
Or, yeah, ground rule number one.
What's that?
I said do that.
I have fun.
No, that's absolutely not the first rules overlapping dialogue,
which we just were doing a good job of there.
And I feel like there's something out.
There we go.
Uh, basically let's cut each other off a lot.
Does that make sense?
Okay.
I highly do it.
Yeah.
Okay.
Or you love the rule.
I feel like I can go.
Number two.
No.
Oh, that was really good with the rule.
Okay.
Number two.
Jinks.
Let's avoid talking too much about my concussion.
Right?
I feel like everybody keeps going up.
I think any of us were going to start, right?
Yeah.
It's just hard to get my head again.
I think regardless, it's going to be a parent that you have a concussion.
But people are saying that I had brain trauma before.
Sure.
And there was that overlapping dialect.
So I feel like we are, we are abiding a lot by the first rule.
And I do appreciate it.
But I feel like the second rule is already kind of gone back on itself,
because we're all we're talking about as the head injury.
All the year we're talking about.
Let's move on.
If possible, this is rule number three.
If possible, let's switch on, let's switch on over to studio G.
What is that?
What do you mean?
It's the bigger studio in LA.
I know what it is, because I work for the company.
Okay.
And we can't do that.
You're in your house.
Yeah.
We thought you were going to be in studio.
I know.
We could still put a pause.
We could put a pause on the episode.
You guys keep recording.
See whatever, you know, full school you come up with.
And then a mirror and I drive over to the studio.
I don't know.
We take me like, sorry.
Just to get there.
Yeah.
I don't know.
For studio G, that's worth it.
Oh, I can't.
Jeff's a real life appears.
Like, getting emerged.
Ground rule number four, not a peep from Joel.
Unless he's staying over a lot.
Staying put a lot, what do you mean by that?
So, and I'm so glad you asked Johnny.
Just for a refresher for everybody.
I told out New Year's resolutions on the first episode of the year.
And I gave everybody their own resolution.
Joel was to stay put a lot.
You wanted me to travel the world.
Become more worldly.
Learn more about different cultures.
But specifically not to enter Philadelphia.
Oh, okay.
I can abide by that rule.
I think Philadelphia's.
So Joel, it seems like.
Bad place.
Visually it looks like you're in the New York studio.
So I think you're good.
So let's hear a lot from you.
Ground rule number five.
Maria is free to take the reins whenever she wants.
But if she's going to fucking give your brothers.
Jesus.
Can you do that?
Well, I'm not going to agree to anything.
But these are ground rules.
Everybody's supposed to agree.
We cannot continue the episode.
Unless we all hear them all.
Yeah.
We already broke a rule.
I'm also not going to agree.
Because I feel like agreement would be agreement to taking the reins.
Which I'm not going to do because I would rather give
Reigns to Johnny as our special guest.
That's humbly appreciate that.
Yeah.
But it's also sort of yeah.
It's also sort of what really.
It's hectic of me.
The last ground rule is to enjoy the ride.
Can we all just try to have fun today?
And not like let all of our real life.
Fisions get in the way.
I feel like the last one.
I feel like the last rule of all these always.
You can get up and go to the bathroom or get a drink of water at any time.
And you may not ask anything.
And I meant to add that to the ground rules.
You can't do any of those.
Yeah.
To be blocked.
If you enjoy specifically if you get up to use the bathroom or get a drink.
If you come back, you're not allowed to speak.
Because that's basically.
You would be walking in the direction of Philadelphia.
So anyone that breaks the rule is an allowed to speak.
Is that the case?
No.
Just draw.
Okay.
All right.
Good.
So far.
Right.
There's so much dead area from you.
What's that?
So much dead air from you, man.
No.
Overlapping.
Dialogue.
That's part of it.
Yeah.
That's why it's been said.
We're doing a lot of overlapping.
And maybe I should have said it at the exact same time as you.
Because then it would have been real.
It should be.
We have a filth.
Three of us.
That's the thing that I'm actually.
I'm glad you brought that up.
I've never said that the show was supposed to be or would be relaxing.
This is actually supposed to be an anxiety-inducing hour for people on their way to work.
What's your point?
Yeah.
It's just going to bond with the weeks.
Johnny, who's your bond with the week?
Uh.
Anybody except Barry Kie again.
We need some stop being in movies, man.
Wow.
Oh.
That's really cool.
He's bad.
There it goes.
Um.
I might be like, what the fuck is that?
Oh.
Stop.
And then I love the energy.
What's with the Keegan Hate though, the Keegan Hate?
Uh.
I've heard that he's a little bit of a little bird on set.
You want to you want to date Sabrina Carpenter?
I do want to date Sabrina Carpenter.
She is dating Sabrina Carpenter?
Sure.
Yes.
He's having her.
Stuff like that shouldn't be allowed.
Yeah.
Also has a child.
Um.
He was.
Why was he like that?
Let's just.
Let's keep it on Johnny.
Yeah.
Johnny the return.
He'll return the problem.
I have a lot to tell you.
He's wrong with you.
I know.
Right?
Keep it on Johnny's return.
Who's Sabrina Carpenter?
Uh.
She's a Disney star.
Pop star.
Oh.
You're hard when you're a Disney star.
I gave you was embody young.
You don't know who Sabrina Carpenter has been six weeks.
Sort of.
He's sort of.
He's kind of.
Josh with that.
So that would be a red re-go thing.
Oh, really.
That's my.
Also the on the reason I'd ever.
Wow.
Yeah.
When Emma would you say that she was mother during that.
Or.
Um.
No.
I wouldn't say she's mother at all.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Is S.E. Cup?
One of me.
I still think we should get merged.
That says that.
Um.
All right.
Marika Joel Emma.
Buddy healed.
Because you're sting.
Because he just violated the one rule that I can't.
Yeah.
That makes him worthy of change.
He's snuck in undetected.
She'll beat your sensors.
I feel like you're really not getting.
The rule isn't that nobody can go to Philadelphia.
I mean, I would love if people go to Philadelphia.
The rules and you need to stay put a lot, which entails traveling the world.
Just not to.
You guys prefer Philadelphia or Boston, just by a show of hands.
Philadelphia.
And now.
It's interesting.
No way.
Like Boston.
We're split.
Sorry.
Wow.
Too Boston too.
Philly.
That must suck to see in here.
I mean, we still won the popular vote.
Yeah.
But the fact that it was that close was kind of embarrassing.
Johnny gets like eight delegates.
I mean, he is Boston.
I've been Jerry Mandarin.
I'm the weakest Michael Shannon.
Okay.
Michael Shay.
Shannon.
Yeah.
Mine is Michael Shay too.
I have to say too, because that wasn't mine.
I was going to shave Michael.
Yeah.
Michael Shannon.
Emma.
So, for this fully.
Um.
Mine.
On to the week.
It's going to be.
I didn't know how it was going to be participating.
It's by there.
Best.
I just came from therapy because I'm feeling better than I ever do.
I have a good podcast.
Oh.
That's actually following in line with this resolution that I do although.
That's true.
I'm only medium upset that it's a beautiful day outside.
Yeah.
I'm fucking here.
Really?
To be fair.
It's like three.
30.
Yeah.
So I know.
We're gonna have an hour left of daylight by the time we get out of here and we will you guys haven't seen the episode
Hopefully still like the intro this is still the wax portion. So you don't know how much we got a speed. We got to have some
We have to enjoy the ride
I would say
Michael Shae, is that weird to say? Oh, I was gonna say my tool as well. Yeah
Well that shane natural
Maybe don't and she
Either that or Mahari Shima Hashiyogi founder of Transcendental Meditation because it's time for a jane
storm or
Michael Shae
Mahari Shima Hashiyogi
Is a jane no meditation a scam it is, but I just think it's time for a james call my friend paid like $3,000
Just send to tell him the word that he could use to repeat as a mantra
Yeah, believe so
You don't you kind of want to know what you're worried
I would love to know in my word is I'll tell you what's on his word. No, you can't tell
I'll tell you for a half that yeah
I'll pay the paper goalable, I guess. I don't know
Champ goalable
What's those name of 60 minutes? Minutes Carl
What say again
No
Is it a charge of like sending that I have sort of a future to space?
But Carl's sake and was the guy from way away to it's all me now. He's the guy who's like billions and billions of atoms
He's that guy. Yeah, he had to choose what?
Documents, sounds, smells, items would best represent humanity
If they were found thousands of years or so by aliens, kind of interesting if you think about it
America, it co-wrote the first verse
Wow
Okay, I'm I'm stepping into the shot
You've got a hot walk. Is it hot enough to burn all these grains? Maybe we could make them see her
Maybe together we can ruin some rice, poison makes it wetter
Adding soy seeds and various oils when you're done scorching grains the rice should be unrecognizable
Your singing voice has gotten better
You've been doing this so many times
You've just brought been practicing essentially
You've got a patty a patty's a field in which they grow rice imagine farm to table char
To own a patty is a dream of mine most rice is grown and sand
Just kidding that's its consistency rice is grown underwater
That's when rice is furthest from good
Hmm yeah, it's reasonable
Right you guys can make a lot of you know first
Yeah, you see my old man's got a problem. He serves boss body. That is nice and soft. He says no one else
Just likes his rice. I say his way of cooking rice is wrong and bad my mama went off and left him
Actually applying they're still together, but if I had my draw that her's my mom would cheat on him with tons of rice
I'm glad my finally brought it back to marrying rice
Oh
God, he's got the rest of the first time I've all did rice. I was shocked to learn that I'd attained a sear
There's nothing like that first damage as you caught a rise grains the sear is thus
Where's the chorus
That's right
It was so rising when I made rice char bomba so burn I felt like I was drunk
Go to tank drop down to grains and the pan blaze red until the fire alarm went off and
Watch his white rice turn black rose and
Yeah
As a host
My lyric was and rye ice. Yeah, it's much better. Yeah, that would have been awesome
Yeah, you got a fast car you invited me to get into your fast car and I brought a hot plate and I jokingly said
What if I burn rice you vehemently said no way as I pulled out a bag of high-cost grains
And I quickly tore spricy rice in the passenger seat as you found the whole drive
So that's like you're plugging it in in the little gas things
I zoned out like two birds ago and I remember that rice was driving when I made rice char or powerbile
So black I felt like I was drunk chili paste bolted into scraps in the pan burn hot till the house
Fire and I
Was just jazz I tried in the sand and I
Had a feeling that I could serve a cinched round rice to a crowd at a week
You don't have to play the sound we're really far we're actually proud of you, but
Um, we haven't had an actual rice song in a while. We had race harbor
Forcing me to sing a song I didn't know
No, yeah, no, it was like it was a attack. Yeah, yeah
Ultimately the song was my idea
It wasn't just didn't use any of my lyrics my one lyric that I was your one producer
Yeah, but it like it kind of sucks. It hurt in a lot
E I
Have a feeling it should be charred. That's not bad good. It was good. Yeah, I'm spying on you
I have a feeling that it should be jarred
We talked to these lyrics
Oh my god
How about we focus on the far boy line? Yeah, there are people who are boyling is less than boyling
Yeah, yeah, it's like now burning anything. Oh, yeah, it's all right. We'll take our boy going to fry the shit out of it
Yeah, what kind of like if you like cooked risotto
That's usually all done today, but then you make
Maybe make aren't chini you fry it until your ball which is kind of jord
A little bit I had goat cheese balls last weekend
Congrats, that's not right. Okay. You've got a pop-wap
Is that hot enough to burn all these grains? Maybe we could make them see her. Maybe together
We could ruin some rice
Hoisin makes it wetter. Yeah, I did send these lyrics to a lot of people and everyone pointed out that they were uncomfortable with hoisin makes it wetter
Well, this was your favorite line you said from the verse that I sent you which is adding soy seeds and various oils
Yeah, just like various oils and when you're done scorching grains the rice should be unrecognizable
Reisable, riceable, I was also happy right so happy that you
All of the like and the lyrics to the chorus were different words instead of like be someone be someone be someone
I figured that you would do it the way you did it which maybe I'd be I had a feeling that I could serve the dish as a side as a
Way yeah, and then the last one I had a feeling I could serve since brown rice at a to a crowd at a wake
Yeah, but you can't
I don't think we need to go through all the lyrics right all right, then let's take a fucking break
Fuck you guys right
Holy shit guys taking care of your health isn't always easy, right, but it should be simple
That's why for the last three years I've been taking a g1 just one scoop in a cup of water mixed around every day no exceptions
And it helps me feel you know energized focused ready to take on the day like I'm doing one powerfully healthy
Habit that's also powerfully simple
I know that a g1 gives my body high quality nutrition because every batch goes through a rigorous testing process
So that you know it's safe and their ingredients are sourced for potency
Absorption and nutrient density all of which is very important and you don't always get with other leading nutrition brands
I like to drink it first thing in the morning. I'll have a
Glass of water. I'll have my AG one and then I'll have my coffee and it gets me set off to take on the day
And to be centered and to feel like I did at least one good thing for my health and if you do that
Every day it has compounding effects if there's one product. I had to recommend to elevate your health. It's AG one
That's why we partner with them for so long
So if you want to take ownership of your health start with AG one try AG one and get a free one-year supply of vitamin D3 K2 and five free
AG one travel packs with your first purchase exclusively at drinkag1.com slash what's that again? That's drinkag1.com slash what's that?
Check it out this show is sponsored by better hope guys
Most proud of the relationship that I have with myself in my life. I mean, that's a brag obviously, but it's also true as hell
I've worked on myself. I have bettered the communication the communicato between me myself and I that's a three way
Triumvirate
Feedback loop that
Not everybody can master and yet here we
Are you know a common misconception about relationships is that they have to be easy to be right
But sometimes the best ones happen when both people put in the work to make them great
Therapy can be a place to work through those challenges that you face in all of your relationships
Whether with friends work your significant other or anyone
I'm in therapy every week and again, it's helped me kind of perfect
what it means to be
Well me
How do you like that?
So if you're thinking of starting therapy give better help a try. It's entirely online designed to be convenient flexible and suited to your schedule
Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist at any time for no additional charge
Become your own soulmate
Whether you're looking for one or not with better help
Visit betterhelp.com slash what's that today to get 10% off your first month again? That's better help
H-E-L-P dot com slash what's that? Thanks better help
And we're back
It's my understanding that you have a segment that you brought in yeah, yeah, I was really excited to come back on
So I haven't been on the podcast in a while obviously
But it seems like in my during my absence headgum has grown a lot you guys got the Jake Johnson podcast
That's pretty big
Yeah, you got the Tomcellic podcast as well, which is really really amazing
Tomcellic go with the mustache friends of Bob Oden crew. You know who he is he doesn't have a show
David cross who
Never mind okay, well anyways
Tom doesn't matter yeah, Tomcellic go with the mustache bald head
He said I don't know who he is he does not have a headgum podcast makes no sense to me, but
Remember this name you get happier expedient
Yeah, he's awesome, but doesn't matter and you love the pot
I do love the pot. It's great
So I haven't been on the podcast in a while and I think I wanted to talk about how much we've all grown
We've grown as a company we've grown as performers and I put together a couple moments
Maybe that aren't our brightest shining moments, but I wanted to talk through them so we can really
Really
Really actualize just how much we've grown since since the start of headgum really
So back. Yeah, look back. I walked down memory lane pretty much and Jeffrey
First I wanted to ask a question where
Was everybody during
The 2017 NBA Eastern Conference finals and quick and loans arena in Cleveland, Ohio
I
I went to a game. I think yeah
Yeah, basketball game right clicking on Loans Arena. Yeah, sure. I think what's the first game? Yeah, yeah, with some friends, but we don't have to pull the image right now
Jeffrey your career has been going off without a hitch
You had the CBS diversity showcase let me finish
You had the CBS diversity showcase
You just finished shooting a movie that's really really exciting, but you know, wasn't all rainbows and butterflies
There was compromise and you had some run-ins with some contentious characters. What do you say that?
I don't think I would say that okay, well, why don't we pull the first image when we can talk through it?
Okay, okay
So yeah, in this image
Unbelievable photo yeah
It is unbelievable this is a real photo. I found out in Google images and in the middle there
We have now canceled celebrity David Chappelle and two David Chappelle's left
We have none other than headgums Jeffrey James
I'm imagining that David's spouting some really really spiteful rhetoric and date and you think you're just sitting there in the in the the stand saying
Transphobic stuff
Absolutely
Is this image you co-signing Amy Schumer's opinions on Israel? Of course not
Are you biting your lips
Tiding your lips because you're losing and it's you're buying your top lip put you as a problem that you had back then
Fuck you
Everyone was like
I like it's like
You did the stupid thing in 2016. You had a bad habit
We had a huge problem with it
We were ever in India
But this is a feeling it looks like he's gearing up to be the Lakers hedge coach
Yeah, exactly you can just sort of tell he has like an vision towards the future. Yeah, he's seeing himself in redondo
But yeah, continue
Yeah, I just wanted you to you know briefly talk about what was going through your mind because you have to you have to
Have to wonder what the hell is going on in your head that you're not speaking out for somebody who can't really defend themselves
Yeah, well, this was like a decade ago, right? Like this is before he came out with all those
Specials where you were saying horrible things. I'm sure there's all that doing
You'll say
In the person's head next to me
That's how you're gonna that's how you're choosing to hold me accountable. There's so many other ways you could
Ultimately I just I just want to say that I feel betrayed
What a pussing this image and I want to know Joel if you feel the same way
I don't think you've seen this image before. Have you I was actually shown it a few weeks ago really? Yes
I was interested in the fact that everyone else is looking up. I assume it means you were shown on the big screen
And so they're looking at themselves and you have no idea you're on the big screen
That's why I still doing the weird upper lip thing
I guess you're doing that subconsciously, so even if you knew
Yeah, maybe doing it
It was definitely a game that we were
Or yeah because we we won the series four and two right this was against the raptors
I'm not sure the 2017 conference finals. Yeah. Yeah. Oh
Then I don't know also who was sitting to your left my dad
Right obviously
Like will the shade I'll prep you best in that right
But yeah, yeah, I sat next to these people by happen stands. What do you want to do on me to say? I just want you to
Admit you're wrong doing and then we can move on from this image. I'm sorry that I sat I was sat next to Dave Shappelle. Okay good and look
I know you're my friend and I know you've grown up since then but even still you dove a little bit deeper in to that community
You came in a sort of edgey comedian who wanted a balance his audience on the left wing and the right wing
You were it's like a down center. I don't care if there's anyone on the right wing in my audience
All right, it doesn't matter what you think because just yeah, I'm that's becoming very clear by the way
Well, yeah, it doesn't matter what you think because ultimately I matters how you act. Yeah. Yeah
You swang a little bit too hard for the fences on your Joe Rogan appearance. Do you remember that? I
Have never done the Joe Rogan experience. Okay. Why don't we open up you Lee the next image and play
Play that first part of that clip from your Joe Rogan appearance
I don't think anyone else has seen it. So maybe we can all be quiet and just let it let it ride
All right, this is not so it's obviously not real right? I don't know second
All right, you worked on man you're a really funny guy truth be told
I learned from the best yeah, I'm curious what kind of comedians were you watching when you were growing up
you know carrot top
Carrot top. Yeah, also Carlos Minceia
Oh, yeah, he's got this really funny song that really punches down
You know cancel poker and all that
Anyway, yeah, I'm blanking on other comedians
The pace of the conversation is indicative. This isn't true. When does that sounded exactly like you?
Yeah, it sounded like Johnny with an AI voice on top of his that sounds a little bit more like me
When was the Johnny when was this
This was a couple years ago. They wiped it really quickly from the Joe Rogan feet
I guess they deleted it from the Joe Rogan feet. They don't do that
They never learn that I assume someone with your interests at heart really cared about you when they wanted this white from the internet
But thankfully we had internet archival experts to have that art yeah archival or we're the archival expert
They're on the deep web of a source matter. I don't want to I don't want to say their names or anything
Wait, you like Carlos Minceia's DDD song, which is about how mentally handicapped people shouldn't
Procreate you thought that was good. I don't know who that is. I've never heard that name before
Well, you sort of co-signed it I can't believe I've never heard of these victim of a deep fake
That's what they say you're interested in these comedians. Which I'm really shocked about. We're close friends
I
Don't I've never seen a carrot top it. What did carrot top do that got him kids? It's a lot of comedy. Yeah. Yeah, so it's just that he's not funny
No, well, I mean
So you're influenced though in a way. Yeah, you know what's funny is that my dad's co-worker is carrot top's brother
Really that is actually kind of insane. Yeah, but he was sitting in a left of your dad
He's just been writing in that row a topic in love
Ultimately I was pretty shocked hearing that and it seems like everyone else was pretty shocked
Why don't we play the second clip and I'll just let it speak for itself
Okay, I I don't like that you're letting the clips speak for themselves because I feel like they need a ton of context
Just a little talk for themselves. All right. You work with Jake and a mirror, right? That was like
He knows you they aren't a chipman
You should feel sorry. I need to start this over
He's so jealous that that happened to be the first internship I did in college
He's like giving me my flowers for no reason
He must know Jake and I'm here, right that was like your first fucking internship man
You should feel total hacks fuck those guys. Oh, okay? I
I feel like I've only heard good things about them. You're the only media personality who's worth a damn in this country
Wow, thank you Jeffrey now. Let's talk about gun control
Dude you are going yeah, you're absolutely biting the hand that feeds you
I don't understand this is your voice with an AI generator on talk of it
I mean now that I hear that I have to
Make some phone calls after this episode and talk to some pretty important people
Yeah, absolutely. I don't I don't blame you
Moose
Is she's the one pulling the strings on this hole endeavor?
I did on this on today's episode. I did say that I wanted to get to get Marieka fired and to
For low the content yeah, you did
That's back. Yeah, bye. Well, okay, what a back with
These clips are a cat that can't be put into the bag. Yeah, absolutely the cats have a
Jeffrey's made mistakes and let's move on. Let's move on from that episode
Yeah, let's move on from this episode because I certainly
Feel the same way. I would love to move on from this. Okay, and it feels like yeah. Yeah, so Jeffrey on review review you
Actually, I will commend you for your ad reads it got to a point where people were making memes about them and I think that really speaks
to how good you are as an entertainer to make something as banal as an
Advertisement very interesting the cats ask as in your face
But yeah, it's good. Yeah, your ad reads are so so well done, but yeah, you know when you first started you had to find your voice
It is kind of weird reading an advertisement, but I think you really
Struck gold and really found your footing with this one advertisement now wanting to pull up the image and once you play your ad read for the cults of America
Okay, I was gonna say yeah, that I was proud that yeah, all I ever did was
You know read ads for brands that have you know integrity and yeah, I mean, this is non-profit
Yeah, it's no way it's real by the way that there's an organization a league and non-profit
Organization that make sure that cults are fine
Here's the ad
This episode of review review is sponsored by the cults of America guys are you looking for something greater than yourself
Come on of course you are we all are
So many girls sink their teeth into religion into their career their hobbies
Thinking that that's going a better explain the world around them and so it sounds like I have a gun point
Any feelings about this information no, no, no, no, no, it doesn't work that way
You gotta go on a little bit with Harry, and I'll just get
Like minded folks who share the same feelings as you so you come out the other side with a real community
This at your local cults of America chapter to learn more about the greater good and be sure to tell him Jeffrey sent you
Man, I love my job now back to the show I
Honestly have no new troll thing to say about this and I understand that I'm the moderator for this discussion
But what the fuck is the matter with you dude?
Are you kidding me also?
It's not like what do you think it is like the free mason's local chapter
Cults are like highly specific things in the mountains that like cut themselves off from greater society
You think they're gonna be advertising
You think they're gonna be like taking from experience
All right
You're the one who's always like don't play copyrighted music and you by the way you haven't taken the reigns or
Take in your brothers, so I don't think you have a like to stand on
All right
Now look and you like sink into yourself and you're like all right. It's like makes me look like an asshole
Yeah
I mean, look, I do read that ad. This is I don't know what you're up. It is so I don't support cults
Like you don't have to continuously deny these things these are just blemishes on your career
That I think ultimately is
Fine
What
The very least net benefits. Yeah. Nice. Thank you
These are like you're trying to get me canceled. You're like and you don't have to deny everything's fine
Yeah, everything's no it is
You're saying I'm friends with trans folks. You're saying that I'm
Gesting on the Joe Rogan podcast and shitting on the people that pay me
You're coming for my job you're coming for my reputation
And I'm not doing anything. It's you who made these decisions
And I'm just just playing them back to the world and we can look we can talk about them
And you can explain your side of the story. I have been and everybody's like no no you did that
You just keep denying it. I think that that is why the story is to deny
Right, what's next? Yeah, ultimately
Thankfully that non-profit will shut down a couple weeks after that but the damage had already been done
It was shut down weeks later. There was no damage done because even if somebody traveled to a coal damage to them
So now you're defending the organization?
Not really. I'm just saying that you kind of shut them down. Yeah. I haven't
Taken anything Marieka said to heart since she started talking about rag egg
Oh, it's lunch. I'm gonna go. All right. Yeah, out with one cult and in with another
meaning do you guys remember when Donald Trump gave head Gamacosa in as well?
No, it doesn't sound like this feels like it happened. Well, I
Seems like everyone wants to deny it but I will say that this was something that I kind of lost a little bit of sleep over
I couldn't eat over this
I felt like I was in the right side of his
Yeah, which Donald Trump was at co-sign
No, you live sleep or you lost your ability
Well, I did both could sleep to your famish. Yeah, I was famish. I was fasting
Really, it is so
But fasting is my dream
Why don't we play we can just play that clip from Trump and we can just play that we can display the image well Donald Trump
I just want to say I believe that head gum is comprised of real American patriots
A mere blooming felt real American patriot Jeffrey James real American patriot and others
Thanks you and Donald Trump
And he said so what he said I'm other lean baby
So we're us three and Emma in the studio. I think we're fine, but it was weird that he did
This co-sign and
It just left this
He posted this on his ex
Formerly known as Twitter. He posted this on his ex, but it didn't really have much to do with his president
He said there was a photo. I don't know. I went with it. Well, it was that photo
It was just a random photo of Trump. I found on the internet
Are you enjoying the show
Refill your popcorn. You'll love the next part. This is kind of a funny image
But anyways, do you guys remember why it's kind of cool. Yeah
Like a me only one is still same
This is nothing
You remember why he gave us that co-sign though? No, I would have assumed he heard about it on Rogan
No, no, I it's smart that you would assume that but he actually didn't
Amir specifically you do you remember why exactly is it because me and Jake were at the insurrection
Oh
Actually six actually. Yeah, so I think similar and it's funny that you do own up to it because you did post an episode entitled Jake and Amir
January 6
Let that clip brief speak for itself as well and Jeffrey you can show the image the thumbnail image from that episode
God we were so hot that day, but on CNN you believe what a rich TV presenter tells you
My god, you're right
I should blindly listen to anonymous whistleblowers on the internet precisely and turning this
Kudetah Kudetah wrong wheel heads roll heads will roll then sign me up
Sign everyone I'm way ahead of you brother now. Let's take the pledge
viewers say it with me
I stand for freedom
I
Stand for freedom
Enjoy our episode
That was the opening
Never said it was a weird tonal shift especially having a now throw at the end that was a little bit in broken English
But and you start to you know as a Jake and Amir fan yourself Joel you
Listen to the episode you think of this is not real this can't be real and then you hear the crudetah joke which is so fucking funny
Not really classic. It's like
I also say the tonal shift isn't like also it's not just point of view tone
It's also like the tone of their voice is like digital and wrong
I'm not a picture. I say drop something on location like this yeah pictures yassified
I don't know I feel like we look like the property brothers and my jawline has never looked
Yeah, your jawline credible arguably looks worse. I think Jake's jawline looks good
Jake is like he's choosing that thing where he's like
It looks like Tom Brady
Yeah, Amir
You don't have to attend is a parent that you've grown up since then and really started to become
Someone who lives on the right side of history, but I wanted to know how it felt to be
Someone who flew so close to the Q1 on son and came back out the other side, you know
Well, I'm still in the bubble, but I'm also like down to hear other people's opinions and trying to change them from the inside out almost
Okay, I can really kind of like a lone ranger in there. Yes, a vigilante. Yeah, how are you a vigilante? Why are you guys on his side?
I'm not exactly like I'm just asking like he's grown you're honest. You're relaxed. You're like
And you're spewing bullshit. Oh, it's that shit. I was trying to figure out what the situation is
You're deciding what the situation is
This was the difference. Amir's owning up to it. Yeah, Amir's on his phone
Doesn't mean he's coming up to it. He's holding up to it. We're going to have the picture
I took a screen grab
So fucked up. What else? All right, well
Now now that we've gone through that I kind of wanted to lastly play a clip from headgums darling marica
Yeah, Casey Don who sent this to me anonymously after it. Okay, it's not anonymously
Well, I feel I figured since I'm not getting any kind of flack if I do share his name
I'm just a little to share it anyway. Yeah, okay
So this was after one of your recordings and you know, Marica, you're generally kind to us on these recordings
Online through text, but I think that's unrealistic to expect that you don't have any bad days and you don't
Get mad at people
Yeah, Casey decided that it was time to blow the whistle time was up for Marica and let's just play the first clip
Solid FKC, but you're on thin ice
You know how much I don't care about this F1 crap anymore, but you keep
Crying about how I feel about the vagus grand prix. It's just people driving
I can look out my window and see the same thing and you keep quizzing me on these racers and teams
Alpha Romeo this Charles look like that you're telling me that's a real person's name
The whole sport is boulder dash
Jeff looks like he's making fun of Asian people
He looks like the Joker, but like the cartoon version of the Joker. What's what's wrong with my face on my crying?
No, you're extremely sad in this one
Yeah, it's like getting that at your face. Yeah, I get that a lot
Ultimately Jake is the same
Ultimately I I don't think I come up too bad okay
It's okay, look it's okay to hate F1 but I think you taking it out in Casey is a big big
No, no, and that's where I really fucking drive big no, no, no, no, it's a big no
You can't do that you can't get mad at Casey yeah, and okay, so you don't like F1 that's fine
Do and but you I'm sure you like other things. Do you you post a lot on your story about
Broadway shows right you sure yeah like that okay. Why don't you tell me about
I'll show that you like recently and let's turn it into a review of America's
Yeah, we're actually truly can't because I have to go take a call. Oh
Okay, oh
Sorry about that. Yeah
What is funny? It's funny that you say that you like Broadway shows and yet if Jeffrey you play the second clip and how different you continue to bring up Broadway shows
I have much better things to focus my time on like my crypto form and my online tutoring school
Peter is dead long run the TikTok I don't know how many times I have to say it you've never said it just
My talking to just don't talk in a case me Casey all right
But I'm on like my crypto form long live the TikTok I don't know how many times I have to say it
Just wow just
I don't want to be a bug with me Casey all right
Casey or the wire every time you're next the murder. Don't fuck with me. Casey
All right, are you playing better from that last part out?
I need a smoke like
You made really yeah really really awful things and honestly like now that she can't defend herself
I do feel bad for saying it but if she doesn't like Broadway musical first off
She fucking lied to my face about saying she liked Broadway musicals second off
If she likes crypto or she wants to talk about her tutoring school or whatever the fuck
She can talk about that on her own podcast
If she wants to talk about her tutoring school or whatever the fuck that's like the one good thing that she mentioned
She's helping the last fortune it. Okay anyway let's just
So it seems like tensions are high and I want to do
I
It feels like there's like a lot of room for people to make missteps at this company and from a pure standpoint
I think it's important that we have something ready to go in case in case one of us really makes a grave
Maybe or maybe someone makes an AI deep fake of us saying something really fucking like a press release
I can't even fucking imagine what that would feel like or how would that would look or it's what's happening in the last 32 minutes
So deeply harmful. Yeah, so what I did was look through the archives and I think I found something that you guys haven't posted before
That will really save your bacon and put you guys because put you guys back in God's good graces should someone make a mistake
So now it's not even the court of public opinion. You're talking about divine intervention
Yeah, it's called the cancellation antidote. Now we'll be able to press play on that MP3 Jeffrey
Do you want me to show the image? Yeah, you can show that image to
And we could talk through this one. It's a month
Really low five 90s space music. I'm really getting chills
You know, this is
I think it's mixed mono. Oh my god. Yeah. This was awesome. What?
So this is it. This is just the slide in the song that comes of time. Oh
I like the song
That's what this is it like a weird. We are the world
It's not weird for sure
Tell so I don't feel like I'm overextending to life
The crazy
It's been 30 minutes like dissecting
Manusha in all of our lives and hit fake histories. Okay, and now you're making the argument that life is the greatest gift of all and that's what we should focus on
You are bad at me because I happen to be sat next to a celebrity that's cancelable
Now you're saying that we should just focus on the fact that life is a precious thing. I don't know why you're
So against having something that will put you in God's good graces. I was like said before
And I think it's also a nice good to have us ready to go
I can't thank you enough for preparing this
Sounds like garbage
Like we've found amazing
That's Jeff singing
Jeff is the world
All right
The children
I want to thank my god to sign it's take us on what you didn't do anything
I think that's not kind of did save everything. Yeah, that's not I think we'll put us in good graces
Thank you mom. This looks like it took you a ton of time to just like
Photoshop LASO tool out from like blocks of black
Well, I LASO tooled off the the head gum logo
And you're not gonna respect the effort that I just asked Rika for the font
You guys have a font they didn't know that I would have been so you have the decks
We have the font
That was funny like we got pretty far guys. I think we can confidently say
It's been a minute for a reason
I understand and I'm kind of felt that way or people have told me straight to my face similar things
No, and all honesty people have been begging for your return and I think um
I didn't appreciate this but I have the audience will okay
Fan service is all all I'm about what's that? I love fan service
Nothing feels like this is that would actually get class
We got canceled one by one we came back and we found out that
Being alive is all you need I think a lot of that was a waste of time, but why don't we
Kind of take it into plugs Johnny
Let's start with you. What do you have going on? What do you want to point the people towards is there pretty
whack
Music coming out soon
Uh, yes, pretty whack is currently on the hunt for a third party contractor. There's far too much work
The paperwork is insane for this company. So you're just a one-of-one company
Have you like you make the paperwork you create the red tape so why is it there?
Well, yeah, I'd like to give myself a challenge obviously so there's a lot of red tape. There's a lot of paperwork
And uh, ultimately they're making an industry by the way because it is pretty whack industries
It could just be pretty whack you as an artist but instead you create all this red tape and all this like hierarchy
Where you're at every level because I want to be respected by pretty much anybody now
The other things I do want to plug are
There's a
A music that just came out from my friend and roommate AJ
Artist name on Spotify's boyhood period you just came out with a saw cover of the linger
Well, the cranberries linger you should take a listen to that and be very funny if I believed to this
He would really appreciate that and
If you live in Brooklyn
Go to if he's hot chicken
It's awesome
It's not off-nostrad Avenue. You got to go and
Follow me on Instagram, maybe I'll post eventually at Johnny VG
You've posted it in one two years. Yeah, but this is the year. This is my Jordan year where I post
2020 I mean
27 I'm in the paint already and I'm about to shoot and
And score and don't do a lot. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm like fake of necessary. Yeah, yeah
The last two years have been pump fix. Oh, yeah
You have all your drafts are pump fix
I got a lot of gold drafts
They're perfect and deep fix
Nice
Very cool. What do you got and I swear to god if you say anything in regards to the city, but brotherly love
I was just gonna say thank you Johnny for that beautiful song. I mean America loves her
Demtion story that had gumpod cast fans love her redemption story
So as glad to have Johnny here and that's all I got
My own go-sixers
What dare you
Follow me at Emma Rosfolie on Instagram. I don't know anything else. I'm here
We're rooting for the Kansas City Chiefs in the Super Bowl. By the time this comes out
You guys will know if I'm one million dollar richer. That's right. I'm putting
One million dollars taking a loan out
We're putting it all on the KC Chiefs plus two and a half
Did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it
That's your signers has one
This episode has aired
You will not see me again. I will have taken a job at some community
theater in between L.A. in New York
I'm that's the quickest way to make back a million dollars. It's a join a community
That's I'm running away from the lot and if I should win
Then you guys will see me sort of a new version of myself
Where it will not it won't be that dissimilar to the picture that you saw of me in front of the burning capital
I will have a new face and I will be in front of a burning building
It's your house for the insurance money you get greedy
Patriot that against Taylor never interrupt my ass. I thought you wanted that
Yeah, that's true. That was one of the ground rules actually
Did you on dot com forward slash Riley and Jeff? We're still doing zoom parties over there. It's a lot of fun and
You know it's sort of a now it's it's sort of amorphous, but it's a lot of fun and might as well join
Yeah, well we still do it because we know how much money will do
Probably a long time, but you never know already get what
What do you mean what I had to leave during that's we're doing defamation of me
You can follow me on Instagram to see how much I actually care about Broadway and F1
American lawn
I didn't say care or don't care about I'm saying you could see how much maybe care
And that I have no ill will towards KC my
Co-worker
I guess
Ingrist you've ever gotten on the
At times harmless segment
Alterly harmless yeah, ultimately harmless and follow me on letter box summary kill on and Twitter yeah all those things
Yeah, and I don't mean to like pick you apart, but I feel like you
Might do well to just like be a little bit more economical in your plugs like
Maybe just focus on one thing every week because that because I think people glaze over when you give them six things to do I
You guys again next week. I give them two
That was a hit them original
You